Hi everyone, my name is daniele
this is my first video I wanted
tell you about the drones sincerely there
I consider very very funny a lot
nice compared to the rc helicopter
coaxial that a minimum of wind is enough e
don't fly
these instead I must say that yes
they behave very very well too
with great wind I will show you
let's say the leaves that move first
which was much more windy and yet
the drone flew quite well is a
four-engine with a lot of support
resistant before it made him slam
on a tree nothing was done e
it is very well balanced
stable even if there is wind and rimmel
skillful seadream to all we say
we all say that all the aces have the
drone is very very very precise I have to
say despite being a toy
I bought this on e bay 80 euros if
I am not mistaken I find myself quite well
let's say public enough for me
I was expecting a little something more
honestly I think I buy on amazon
and a helicopter that is twice the size of
this then apologized that contrast
surely it will be much better
this is already good, however, it is already a lot
effective for what it has to do
it is equipped with an adjustable hd camera
interchangeable batteries you can
buy five batteries and use them all
together as they download and
the batteries are 3.7 volt and this
model can mount you use up to 950
milan for example can mount these
1 sun nanotech all bacteria of the
comparison nanotech I feel good ne
cost is still a fair price
do their job and this at
2.4 gigas remote control remote control
so there are no frequency losses
this is the little button to do the and the
in short, this is the camera
remote then I'll explain it in the
next video and now we move to a
another model a little smaller but in my own
more effective opinion in the sense that today
I tried them on both
I must say that the child behaves in
so let's say more adequate and more
faster more snappy it seems maybe even
for very aerodynamic dimensions
seems we don't say feel the wind like
if there wasn't good but maybe a lot
better this here than those more
grandicello although I must say anyway
that this nothing is not bad either
I always have a reinforcement structure
propellers fold so there is no risk
that it is difficult to break them before they have me
given up on a tree it was not done
nothing
also on this model much of the
ever nanotech batteries e
now I'll show you it's batteries
also these of the nanotech now puts a
sorry moment at 260 milan for
always technical 7 or so are already potential
I paid € 30 of the € 40
euro in short, in the next video I will make you
see the two models I currently have
in flight how they will behave
thank you